[v7] feat: dump_yaml (#1489)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- In transformations, `NonceCredentials` was missing `load` method.
- In transformations, `TransformationBlockedInfo` was missing `.dump` method
- `capabilities` in `cognite.client.data_classes` with data classes for all CDF capabilities.

> - All `CogniteResource` and `CogniteResourcelist` objects have  `.dump_yaml` methdos, for example, `my_asset_list.dump_yaml("my_assets.yaml")`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All `CogniteResource` and `CogniteResourcelist` objects have  `.dump_yaml` methods, for example, `my_asset_list.dump_yaml("my_assets.yaml")`.  
```

> - All `CogniteResource` and `CogniteResourcelist` objects have  `.dump_yaml` methods, for example, `my_asset_list.dump_yaml("my_assets.yaml")`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All `CogniteResource` and `CogniteResourcelist` objects have  `.dump_yaml` methods, for example, `my_asset_list.dump_yaml()`,
  returning a yaml-formatted string.
```
